Dev-Joes: Liesel Wong (King Hagrid), Austin Ngan (Gerald)
SoftDev
K22: Who Does Frame Work For?
2021-12-1
Estimated Time: 2 hours

THE NAVIGATION BAR: 
Top-bar is a wrapper around the components of the navbar, and leads to the grey box on the top of the screen. 
Top-bar-left indicates the left-hand section of the navbar while Top-bar-right is the right-hand section. 
Menu is a horizontally oriented list that is a common Navigation bar technique. As demonstrated in line 21, Menus can have titles like 'Top Bar' or they can have no title and can have a different number of links.

Further Inquiries: 
A sticky navigation bar was hard for us to implement, but is a capability of Foundation

GRIDS: 
small-up-1 medium-up-2 large-up-5 changes the number of columns in a row  based off window size. In a larger screen, that means 5 grids can be displayed in one row, on a small screen 1 grid will be displayed per row. 

BUTTONS: 
Buttons can be customized through different class keywords. 
success is a green and white button
alert is a red and white button
warning is a yellow and white button
large and small are two class keywords used to determine the size of the buttons. 

Switches:
switch is the keyword for some font and padding styling
switch-input keeps track of whether the switch has been clicked or not. Without this piece of code, the switch would not be able to actually switch
switch-paddle is the background color of the switch. 
switch-active tracks when the switch is active is on, switch-inactive tracks when the switch is off, and aria-hidden  = true indicates the element is not accessible or is hidden until the switch is on or off.

CARDS: 
card creates the Foundation element where you can put any content inside that self-contained card
The resizing attributes are similar to the ones in grid. 
card-section, much like the <section> </section> tag, divides the card into mini sections for easier styling and organization

CALLOUTS: 
Shows foundation can also style text.
callout is the element in Foundation that has this specific tinted background style
secondary is the type of content. This is similar to the alert and warning found in the buttons section!
